fix the bug (#32214)
demisto/content: Packs/GmailSingleUser/ReleaseNotes/1_3_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Gmail Single User

> - Fixed an issue with missing logo in mails when using ***send-mail*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with missing logo in emails when using the ***send-mail*** command.
```
